Song Xuan, you are so big
The commander trusts you so much that you want to run away
Winter, how did you know I was here?
It doesn't matter, I'm worried that there is no reason to kill you
Deceive the commander and escape privately
Can't blame me
Hahaha, I thought
You poor brothers are ironclad
It turns out that they are all people who have never seen money, hahahaha.
Big gun you betrayed me
Brother Sen, don't blame me
I am loyal
But loyalty, he can't eat it as a meal.
Good for a forever benefit
You have helped me so much, what reward do you need?
In addition to the previously agreed 10 million oceans
I want all his money
And that bloody road
When I learn, I will definitely be filial to your second master
Hahahaha, you really know how to be a dog.
Hahahahahahahahaha Su Daqiao
You have to die if you betray me
Pine nuts, just let me kill them
What's wrong with you fulfilling my wealth?
Aren't we good brothers?
Right, good brothers?
Dong, behind you
There's something behind you
There's something behind you, ah, and you're trying to lie to me
Ah!